bool isInGroup(user);
bool isLeader(user);


Create:
    invalid cookie
    valid cookie
        already in group
        not in a group
            creates a group and becomes leader : success

create.php?cookie=1000         InvalidCookie
create.php?cookie=512          InGroup
create.php?cookie=42           CreateSuccess

Invite:
    invalid cookie
    valid cookie
        not in a group
        already in group
            not leader
            leader
                invalid user
                valid user 
                invite user: success

invite.php?cookie=2000                 InvalidCookie
invite.php?cookie=12                   NotInGroup
invite.php?cookie=512                  NotLeader
invite.php?cookie=6585&user=-asdf      InvalidUser
invite.php?cookie=6585&user=12         InviteSuccess

Accept:
    invalid cookie
    valid cookie
        already in group
        not in a group
            leader field is not valid user
            leader field is valid user
                leader field is not a leader
                leader field is leader 
                accept invite: success

accept.php?cookie=3000                 InvalidCookie
accept.php?cookie=76                   AlreadyInGroup
accept.php?cookie=12&leader=200        LeaderNotValidUser
accept.php?cookie=12&leader=512        NotALeader
accept.php?cookie=12&leader=76         AcceptFromNonInvite
accept.php?cookie=12&leader=6585       AcceptSuccess

Leave:
    invalid cookie
    valid cookie
        not in a group
        already in group
            leader
            not the leader
                leave group : success

leave.php?cookie=4000                  InvalidCookie
leave.php?cookie=112                   NotInGroup
leave.php?cookie=42                    IsLeader
leave.php?cookie=12                    LeaveSuccess

Remove:
    invalid cookie
    valid cookie
        not in group   
        already in group
            not the leader 
            is the leader
                invalid user
                valid user
                    user not in this group
                    user in this group
                        user self
                        user not self
                        remove user : success

remove.php?cookie=4000                  InvalidCookie
remove.php?cookie=112                   CookieNotInGroup
remove.php?cookie=512                   NotTheLeader
remove.php?cookie=76&user=-asdf         InvalidUser
remove.php?cookie=76&user=12            UserNotInGroup
remove.php?cookie=76&user=6585          DifferentGroups
remove.php?cookie=76&user=76            UserSelf
remove.php?cookie=76&user=512           RemoveSuccess

Remove group:
    invalid cookie
    valid cookie
        not in group   
        already in group
            not the leader 
            is the leader
            remove group : success

removeGroup.php?cookie=6000            InvalidCookie
removeGroup.php?cookie=112             NotInGroup
removeGroup.php?cookie=8362            NotLeader
removeGroup.php?cookie=6585            RemoveGroupSuccess